the Easter Bunny works one day a year
travels the world and is beloved by
everyone who wouldn't want a job like
that you're about to be crowned the
Easter Bunny look that I want to drama
NAB and I want to see the wall maybe the
Easter Bunny sees every country in one
night oh really dad what about China so
we haven't cracked China yet don't wanna
be the Easter Bunny four thousand years
of tradition doesn't end just because
one selfish bunny doesn't feel like
doing it my dad's right I do need to get
my act together in Hollywood all great
artists suffer before they become famous
but lady wrote Harry Potter in a dick I
have the talent I have the drive I have
to avoid
whatever that was yeah what we can leave
the insurance companies out of this we
need to find EB assemble the pink berets
at once I could bunk down anywhere
West Wing master suite I'm not picking
all the newspapers for ya you know
you're an animal
oh I understand how'd you sleep down
here among my poo and pee like a pig no
he's chasing his dream never had one
formal lesson and letting nothing break
am I in a box standing nude way Hey I'll
clean up my mess I'm special I'm really
special are you doing jelly beans so you
talking you poop candy this spring
you'll get I have a date with destiny
it's all about candy
don't eat that you might not like the
flavor Fred relax watermelon juice can I
at least touch it oh I didn't like it I
loved it look at this oh he's so soft
and cute and cuddly and and warm she's
seen anyone know she's single and she's
looking for a rabbit
[Music]